=== المادة 1 ===
Page 1 of 60 
 
 
 
 
The Capital Market Law 
 
 
 
 
Important Notice: 
The official text is in Arabic. This document in an unofficial translation and 
is provided for information purposes only.

=== المادة 2 ===
Page 3 of 60 
 
Article One 
Unless the context otherwise indicates, the following words and phrases, 
wherever they appear in this Law, shall have the meaning herein specified: 
▪
 Kingdom: the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
▪
 The Authority: the Capital Market Authority. 
▪
 The Board: the Board of the Capital Market Authority. 
▪
 The Chairman: the Chairman of the Board of the Capital Market Authority. 
▪
 Person: any natural or legal person that is recognized as such under the 
laws of the Kingdom. 
▪
 The Exchange: a securities exchange licensed, in accordance with the 
provisions of this Law, to carry out trading in Securities in the Kingdom. 
▪
 Trading: buying and selling of Securities. 
▪
 Issuer: a person who is issuing or intending to issue Securities. 
▪
 Affiliate: a person who controls another person or is controlled by that 
other person, or who is being controlled along with that person by a third 
person. 
▪
 Control: the direct or indirect ability or power to exercise effective 
influence over the actions and decisions of another person. 
▪
 Underwriter: a person who buys Securities from the Issuer or an affiliate of 
the Issuer for the purpose of offering, placing and marketing such Securities 
to the public, or a person who sells Securities on behalf of the Issuer or an 
affiliate of the Issuer for the purpose of making a public offering and 
placement of such Securities to the public. 
▪
 Relatives: husband, wife and minor children.

=== المادة 3 ===
Page 4 of 60 
▪
 Placement or Offering of Securities: issuing Securities, inviting the public to 
subscribe therein or directly or indirectly marketing Securities; or any 
statement, announcement or communication that has the effect of selling, 
issuing or offering Securities; this does not include preliminary negotiations 
or contracts entered into with or between Underwriters. 
▪
 Investment Adviser: an adviser who provides, offers, or agrees to provide 
advice to others in their capacity as investors or potential investors and in 
relation to purchasing, selling, subscribing or underwriting a security, or 
exercising any right conferred by a security to acquire, dispose of, underwrite 
or convert such security. 
▪
 The Depository Center: a Securities depository center licensed, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Law, to carry out in the Kingdom 
operations of deposit, transfer, settlement, and registration of ownership of 
Securities traded on the Exchange. 
▪
 The Clearing Center: a Securities clearing center licensed, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Law, to carry out operations of Securities clearing 
in the Kingdom. 
▪
 The Committee: the Committee for the Resolution of Securities Disputes. 
▪
 The Implementing Regulations: the rules, instructions and procedures 
issued by the Authority for the implementation of the provisions of this Law. 
▪
 Internal Regulations: the regulations issued by the Authority in relation to 
the Authority’s administrative and financial affairs and the affairs of its 
personnel and staff. 
Article Two 
With due consideration to the provisions of Article three of this Law, for the 
purposes of this Law the term “Securities” shall mean: 
a)
 
Convertible and tradeable shares of companies;

=== المادة 4 ===
Page 5 of 60 
b)
 
Tradeable debt instruments issued by companies, the government, 
public institutions or public organisations; 
c)
 
 Investment units issued by investment funds; 
d)
 
Any instruments representing profit participation rights and any rights 
in the distribution of assets, or either of the foregoing; 
e)
 
 Any other rights or instruments which the Board determines should be 
included or treated as Securities if the Board believes that this would 
further the safety of the market or the protection of investors. The 
Board can exercise its power to exempt from the definition of Securities 
rights or instruments that otherwise would be treated as Securities 
under paragraphs (a, b, c, d) of this Article if it believes that it is not 
necessary to treat them as Securities, based on the requirements of the 
safety of the market and the protection of investors. 
 
Article Three 
Commercial bills such as cheques, bills of exchange, promissory notes, 
documentary credits, money transfers, instruments exclusively traded among 
banks, and insurance policies shall not be considered Securities.

=== المادة 5 ===
Page 7 of 60 
 
Article Four 
a)
 
An Authority to be named “The Capital Market Authority” is hereby 
established in the Kingdom and shall directly report to the President of 
the Council of Ministers. It shall have a legal personality and financial 
and administrative autonomy. It shall be vested with all authorities as 
may be necessary to discharge its responsibilities and functions under 
this Law. The Authority shall enjoy exemptions and facilities enjoyed by 
public organisations. Its personnel shall be subject to the Labour Law. 
b)
 
The Authority shall not have the right to engage in any commercial 
activities, to have a special interest in any project intended for profit, to 
borrow or lend any funds, or to acquire, own or issue any Securities. 
Article Five 
a)
 
The Authority shall be the agency responsible for issuing regulations, 
rules and instructions, and for applying the provisions of this Law. 
 To achieve these objectives, the Authority shall: 
1)
 
Regulate and develop the Exchange, seek to develop and improve 
methods of systems and entities trading in Securities, and develop 
the procedures that would reduce the risks related to Securities 
transactions. 
2)
 
Regulate the issuance of Securities and monitor Securities and 
dealing in Securities. 
3)
 
Regulate and monitor the works and activities of parties subject to 
the control and supervision of the Authority. 
4)
 
Protect citizens and investors in Securities from unfair and unsound 
practices or practices involving fraud, deceit, cheating or 
manipulation.

=== المادة 6 ===
Page 8 of 60 
5)
 
Seek to achieve fairness, efficiency and transparency in Securities 
transactions. 
6)
 
Regulate and monitor the full disclosure of information regarding 
Securities and their issuers, the dealings of informed persons and 
major shareholders and investors, and define and make available 
information which the participants in the market should provide and 
disclose to shareholders and the public. 
7)
 
Regulate proxy and purchase requests and public offers of shares. 
8)
 
License the establishment of special purposes entity, and regulate 
and control its business, uses, issuance of Securities, the registration 
in its registry established by the Authority and the provisions of its 
articles of incorporation, and regulate the provisions of the 
registration of funds transferred to it, including documentation of 
the rights thereof and its legal standing against others, and the 
issuance of rules governing thereof. 
9)
 
Regulate the pledge of Securities and its enforcement. 
 
b)
 
The Authority may publish a draft of regulations and rules before 
issuing or amending them. The regulations, rules and instructions 
issued by the Authority shall be effective in the manner prescribed 
under their provisions. 
c)
 
For the purpose of conducting all investigations which, in the opinion of 
the Board, are necessary for the enforcement of the provisions of this 
Law and other regulations and rules issued pursuant to this Law, the 
members of the Authority and its employees designated by the Board 
are empowered to subpoena witnesses, take evidence, and require the 
production of any records, papers, or other documents which the 
Authority deems relevant or material to its investigation. The Authority 
shall have the power to carry out inspections of the records or any other 
materials, whoever the holder may be, to determine whether the

=== المادة 7 ===
Page 9 of 60 
person concerned has violated, or is about to violate any provision of 
this Law, the Implementing Regulations or the rules issued by the 
Authority. 
d)
 
The special purposes entity shall have legal personality and financial 
autonomy, and it shall cease to exist with the end of the purpose for 
which it was established for in accordance with the rules and 
regulations issued by the Authority. 
 
Article Six 
a)
 
The Authority shall have the power to carry out its functions under this 
Law as well as the regulations, rules and instructions issued pursuant 
thereto including, but not limited, the power to: 
1)
 
Set forth policies and plans, conduct studies and issue rules 
necessary to achieve the Authority’s objectives. 
2)
 
Issue and amend the Implementing Regulations as may be necessary 
to enforce the provisions of this Law. 
3)
 
Approve the offering of Securities. 
4)
 
Give advice and make recommendations to government authorities 
in respect of matters that would contribute to the development of 
the Exchange and the protection of investors in Securities. 
5)
 
Suspend the Exchange’s activities for a period of not more than one 
day; and in cases where the Authority or the Minister of Finance 
deems it necessary to suspend the Exchange’s activity for more than 
one day, the approval of this decision must be issued by the Minister 
of Finance. 
6)
 
Approve the listing, cancel or suspend the listing, of any Saudi 
Security traded on the Exchange of any Saudi issuer, on any 
securities exchange outside the Kingdom.

=== المادة 8 ===
Page 10 of 60 
7)
 
Prohibit any Security or suspend the issuance or trading of any 
Securities on the Exchange, as the Authority may deem necessary. 
8)
 
Determine the fees and commissions charged by brokers to their 
clients if the Board deems it appropriate, and approve the fees and 
other commissions charged by the Exchange, the Depository Center, 
and the Clearing Center. 
9)
 
In addition to other provisions of relevant regulations, the Authority 
shall have the right to establish standards and conditions required in 
the auditors who audit the books and records of the Exchange, the 
Depository Center, the Clearing Center, brokerage companies, 
investment funds, joint stock companies listed on the Exchange, 
special purposes entities, and rating agencies and companies. The 
Authority, with due consideration to its supervisory responsibilities, 
shall have the right to delegate this responsibility to the Saudi 
Organization for Certified Public Accountants. 
10)
 
Determine the contents of annual and periodical financial 
statements, reports and documents that must be submitted by 
Issuers offering Securities to the public or Issuers whose Securities 
are listed on the Exchange. 
11)
 
Define and explain the terms and provisions set out in this Law. 
12)
 
Issue decisions, instructions and set the procedure as deemed 
necessary for the implementation of the provisions of this Law and 
the Implementing Regulations, and conduct inquiries and 
investigations regarding violations of the provisions of this Law and 
the Implementing Regulations. 
13)
 
Set Internal Regulations and issue instructions and set the 
procedures as necessary for the management of the Authority. 
14)
 
Approve the regulations, rules and policies of the Exchange, the 
Depository Center, and the Clearing Center.

=== المادة 9 ===
Page 11 of 60 
15)
 
Prepare the regulations and rules for the monitoring and supervision 
of entities subject to the provisions of this Law. 
16)
 
Approve the establishment, merger and liquidation of investment 
funds and their related operating rules in accordance with the 
provisions of Article Thirty-nine of this Law. 
17)
 
Appoint a licensed auditor to audit the Authority’s financial 
statements and final accounts. 
18)
 
Grant the necessary licenses to be issued in accordance with the 
provisions of this Law and its Implementing Regulations, including 
the licensing of rating companies and agencies and the conditions 
thereof. 
19)
 
Prepare the Authority’s annual budget. 
20)
 
Regulate the reporting of violations of this Law, its Implementing 
Regulations, and the regulations of the Exchange, the Depository 
Center, and the Clearing Center, including determining the financial 
rewards for those who report such violations, the criteria for its 
eligibility and disbursement, and the procedures that contribute to 
the protection of those who report such violations. 
21)
 
Establish professional standards for brokers and their agents. 
22)
 
Determine the minimum capital required for brokerage companies 
and the financial guarantees required from such companies, and 
ensure the strength and durability of their financial positions 
through the periodic review of their compliance with capital 
adequacy requirements, in addition to setting out the necessary 
arrangements to protect the funds and Securities in the custody of 
brokerage companies. 
b)
 
Upon exercising its powers in accordance with this Law and its 
Implementing Regulations, the Authority shall coordinate with the Saudi 
Arabian Monetary Authority in connection with the procedures that it 
intends to set that may have an impact on the monetary situation.

=== المادة 10 ===
Page 12 of 60 
Article Seven 
a)
 
The Authority shall have a board known as the “Board of the Capital 
Market Authority” comprising five members, who shall be natural Saudi 
Arabian persons working on a full time basis, and shall be professionally 
qualified. The Board members shall be appointed, and their salaries and 
financial benefits determined, by Royal Order. The Royal Order shall 
specify from the Board members the chairman and deputy chairman who 
will replace the chairman in his absence. 
b)
 
The term of membership of the Board shall be five years, renewable once. 
The member shall remain in his office after the termination of his 
membership term until a successor is appointed. 
c)
 
The Board shall set forth the Internal Regulations of the Authority and the 
manner in which the personnel, advisors, auditors and any other experts 
shall be appointed as may be necessary for carrying out the 
responsibilities and functions entrusted to the Authority. The Board shall 
determine their salaries and remunerations. 
d)
 
The Board shall exercise all authorities entrusted to the Authority in 
accordance with the provisions of this Law. The Board will specify how the 
Authority’s functions, responsibilities and operations will be organized 
among its divisions and departments. The Internal Regulations of the 
Authority will set forth the requirements for the operation of these 
departments and divisions. Except for the powers conferred by this Law 
exclusively upon the Board, the Board may delegate, by a published 
resolution, any of its functions. The Board shall, however, at its discretion, 
retain the power to review the actions and decisions made by those who 
had been delegated with such powers. Such a review will be made at the 
Board’s initiative, upon the request of one of its members, or upon the 
request of a party to a lawsuit arising under the provisions of this Law and 
in compliance with the rules issued by the Authority.

=== المادة 11 ===
Page 13 of 60 
 
Article Eight 
Any person who becomes an employee of the Authority or a member of the 
Board must, immediately upon commencing their duties, disclose to the 
Authority, in the manner set forth in the regulations of the Authority, the 
Securities he owns or has at his disposal or at the disposal of one of his relatives, 
and thereafter declare any change thereon within three days of becoming aware 
of such change. Any of those who become agents for the Authority must also 
make this disclosure in connection to what is related to the work entrusted to 
them, in the manner specified in the regulations of the Authority. 
Article Nine 
The members of the Board and the employees of the Authority shall not engage 
in any other profession or job, including occupying a position or a post in any 
company, in the government, or in public or private institutions. Furthermore, 
they shall not provide advice to companies and private institutions. 
Article Ten 
a)
 
The Board shall hold its meetings at the request of its chairman. Board 
meetings must be attended by at least three of its members including the 
chairman or vice chairman. Its resolutions shall be made upon a vote of a 
majority of the members attending the meeting. In case of equal votes, 
the chairman of the meeting will have a casting vote. 
b)
 
The Internal Regulations will set forth the conditions and requirements 
with respect to convening meetings of the Board, including the notice for 
a meeting. The rules issued by the Authority may provide that it is 
permitted to vote for resolutions to be passed by the Board in emergency 
situations by telephone or by any other means of communication.

=== المادة 12 ===
Page 14 of 60 
Article Eleven 
The chairman of the Board shall be the Authority’s chief executive officer who 
shall implement the Authority’s policy and shall be responsible for the 
management of its affairs, including the following: 
a)
 
Implementing the resolutions taken by the Board. 
b)
 
Signing, alone or jointly with others, the Authority’s reports, accounting 
statements, financial statements, correspondence and documents. 
c)
 
The Authority’s administrative and financial affairs. 
Article Twelve 
a)
 
The vice chairman shall carry out the tasks and duties of the chairman if 
the chairman is absent, is unable to carry out his duties, or if his position 
becomes vacant. 
b)
 
The chairman may delegate to another member of the Board or to any 
employee of the Authority some of the powers entrusted to him provided 
that such delegation shall be specific and in writing. 
Article Thirteen 
a)
 
The financial resources of the Authority shall consist of the following: 
1)
 
Fees for services and commissions charged by the Authority in 
accordance with the provisions of this Law and the regulations and 
instructions issued in pursuance thereof. 
2)
 
Charges against using its facilities, returns on its funds, and proceeds 
of the sale of its assets. 
3)
 
Fines and financial penalties imposed on violators of the provisions of 
this Law. 
4)
 
Funds provided by the government to the Authority. 
5)
 
Any other resources determined by the Board.

=== المادة 13 ===
Page 15 of 60 
b)
 
The Board shall determine the fees to be paid to the Authority for the 
following matters: 
1)
 
Registration of Securities with the Authority. 
2)
 
Listing of Securities on the Exchange. 
3)
 
Trading of Securities. 
4)
 
Licensing and renewal of licenses of brokerage companies or 
investment advisers. 
5)
 
Registration of investment funds. 
6)
 
Any other service provided by the Authority in accordance with the 
provisions of this Law and its Implementing Regulations. 
Article Fourteen 
The Authority shall have a separate annual budget that will be submitted to the 
Minister of Finance and will be approved in accordance with applicable 
regulations. Surplus funds collected by the Authority under Article 13 of this Law 
and under the provisions, rules and instructions issued thereunder, shall be 
remitted to the Ministry of Finance after deducting all current and capital 
expenses and other expenses needed by the Authority. The Authority shall 
maintain a general reserve equal to double of its expenditures as reported in its 
preceding annual budget. 
Article Fifteen 
Any sums owed to the Authority by third parties shall be considered as public 
funds and enjoy the same treatment as debts owed to the public treasury and 
shall be collected in accordance with the procedures for the collection of debts 
due to the public treasury.

=== المادة 14 ===
Page 16 of 60 
Article Sixteen 
The chairman of the Board shall present to the President of the Council of 
Ministers an annual report on the Authority’s activities and its financial position 
during the preceding year within ninety days from the end of the year. 
Article Seventeen 
Any undisclosed information obtained by the Authority is considered 
confidential. The Authority may disclose any part of this information as the 
Board deems necessary for the protection of investors. 
Article Eighteen 
Government agencies and other persons must provide the Authority with the 
documents and information it requires for the purposes of carrying out its duties 
in accordance with the provisions of this Law. 
Article Nineteen 
The Internal Regulations issued pursuant to this Law will determine the rules, 
instructions and procedures relating to the Authority’s administrative and 
financial affairs and the Authority’s personnel affairs, including rules of 
professional conduct and the means of development of the Authority’s 
operations, realization of its objectives and the enhancement of the 
performance and professional and academic standards of its staff.

=== المادة 15 ===
Page 18 of 60 
 
Article Twenty 
a)
 
It shall be prohibited for any person to carry out any activities of the 
Exchange, the Depository Center, or the Clearing Center, or establish or 
operate any of them without obtaining a license from the Authority, 
provided that such person takes the legal form of a joint stock company. 
b)
 
The Implementing Regulations shall specify the provisions related to the 
licensing of the Exchange, the Depository Center, and the Clearing Center, 
including the requirements for licensing and maintaining such license, as 
well as the provisions relating to its relinquishment. 
c)
 
The Authority may exempt any security from the activities of the 
Depository Center or the Clearing Center. The Depository Center or the 
Clearing Center may perform a part of the activities of the Clearing Center 
or the Depository Center for a certain category of securities as the Board 
deems fit. 
Article Twenty Bis 
a)
 
The objectives of the Exchange include ensuring fairness, efficiency and 
transparency of the listing requirements, the trading rules and its 
technical methods, and the information of the Securities listed on the 
Exchange; 
b)
 
The Exchange shall be prohibited from distributing to its members any 
cash or in-kind distributions as share dividends without the approval of 
the Board.

=== المادة 16 ===
Page 19 of 60 
Article Twenty-One 
Securities listed on the Exchange shall be traded through transactions made 
between brokers each on behalf of its client, and shall be proven by entries in 
the records of the Exchange in accordance with the provisions of this Law, 
unless such transactions are excluded from trading pursuant to the rules and 
instructions issued by the Authority. 
Article Twenty-Two 
a)
 
The regulations and rules of the Exchange, the Depository Center, and the 
Clearing Center - each within its own purview - shall specify the 
conditions and requirements of the membership in each of them. 
b)
 
The Exchange, the Depository Center, and the Clearing Center - each 
within its own purview - shall submit the names of the persons 
nominated for membership in their boards of directors to the Board of the 
Authority for approval on their nomination prior to their election by the 
shareholders’ general assembly. 
c)
 
The regulations and instructions approved by the Board of the Authority 
shall specify the procedures related to convening the meetings of the 
boards of directors of the Exchange, the Depository Center, and the 
Clearing Center, their decision making process, plans for conducting their 
activities, the powers and responsibilities entrusted to their board of 
directors and executive manager, and all other related administrative and 
financial affairs. 
Article Twenty-Three 
a)
 
The boards of directors of the Exchange, the Depository Center, and the 
Clearing Center - each within its own purview - shall propose the 
necessary regulations, rules and instructions for their operations, 
including in relation to the following matters:

=== المادة 17 ===
Page 20 of 60 
1)
 
The conditions and requirements for the membership of the 
Exchange, the Depository Center, and the Clearing Center. 
2)
 
The professional conduct standards applied to the members of the 
Exchange, the Depository Center, and the Clearing Center, and the 
employees of such members, the members of their board of directors, 
executive manager and the employees of the Exchange, the 
Depository Center, and the Clearing Center. This includes the 
procedures and disciplinary sanctions against any violator of such 
standards or any other conditions or requirements set forth in the 
regulations and instructions. 
3)
 
Settling disputes among members of the Exchange, the Depository 
Center and the Clearing Center, and disputes between those members 
and their clients. 
4)
 
Any other rules and instructions that the Exchange, the Depository 
Center or the Clearing Center deem necessary for the protection of 
investors through ensuring fairness, efficiency and transparency in all 
affairs related to the Exchange, the Depository Center or the Clearing 
Center. 
b)
 
With due consideration to the provisions of paragraph (a) of this Article, 
the board of directors of the Exchange shall propose regulations, rules and 
instructions regarding: the conditions for listing and trading of Securities; 
the immediate and regular publication of the information related to 
executed transactions of the Securities traded on the Exchange; the 
obligations of Issuers, shareholders and members to disclose to the 
Exchange the information that the Exchange believes to be necessary, and 
the appropriate controls and procedures that allow licensed brokerage 
companies, other than the members of the Exchange, to execute their 
transactions on the Exchange. 
c)
 
With due consideration to the provisions of paragraph (a) of this Article, 
the board of directors of the Depository Center shall propose regulations, 
rules and instructions regarding the sound and effective procedures that

=== المادة 18 ===
Page 21 of 60 
ensure the efficiency of the processes for the registration of Securities 
traded on the Exchange, and that they are settled in accordance with 
related regulatory procedures, as well as the necessary procedures to 
address the inability of the members of the Depository Center to settle 
transactions through the Depository Center. The Depository Center may 
maintain accounts in commercial banks and the Saudi Arabian Monetary 
Authority, or any other entity approved by the Board of the Authority for 
the purposes of deposit, settlement and clearance of Securities 
transactions within its operations. 
d)
 
With due consideration to the provisions of paragraph (a) of this Article, 
the board of directors of the Clearing Center shall propose regulations, 
rules and instructions regarding: the sound and effective procedures that 
ensure the efficiency of Securities clearing processes, including the 
specification of rights and obligations arising from Securities trading 
activities, the methods for covering the financial positions resulting from 
such activities, and all subsequent deductions and additions to the 
accounts assigned for that purpose; the procedures for clearing the sale 
prices after settlement; the provisions for the collaterals and pledges 
necessary for its operation, and the mechanism for receiving, managing, 
liquidating and enforcing it, and the methods and procedures for 
managing the default of members of the Clearing Center. The Clearing 
Center may maintain accounts in commercial banks, the Saudi Arabian 
Monetary Authority, and the Depository Center or any other entity 
approved by the Board of the Authority for the purposes of clearing 
operations and the maintenance and deposit of collaterals within its 
operations. 
e)
 
The Exchange, the Depository Center, and the Clearing Center shall 
submit to the Authority the regulations, rules, and instructions for their 
operations, and the amendments thereof, for approval by the Board.

=== المادة 19 ===
Page 22 of 60 
Article Twenty-Four 
The Exchange may charge fees on its members, Issuers of Securities listed on the 
Exchange, and others for services it provides to them. 
Article Twenty-Five 
The Exchange, the Depository Center, and the Clearing Center shall appoint an 
executive manager for each of them after obtaining the approval of the Board. 
The executive manager is prohibited from performing any other governmental 
or commercial work or from having any interest with or any ownership in any of 
the members of the Exchange, the Depository Center or the Clearing Center for 
which he works. The executive manager may be removed from his position by a 
decision from the entity for which he works. 
Article Twenty-Six 
With due consideration to the provisions of Article 31 of this Law, Securities 
listed or traded in a regulated financial market outside the Kingdom are not 
subject to the provisions of this Law even if the trading in such a market 
originates by orders transmitted telephonically or electronically from within the 
Kingdom, with the exception of what may be agreed upon by the Authority with 
other foreign authorities.
 
Article Twenty-Seven 
a)
 
Ownership of Securities traded on the Exchange shall be registered in the 
Depository Center through entries made to its records in order to be 
protected against third party claims. The Depository Center’s records shall 
also include pledges or other claims related to the Securities traded on the 
Exchange. 
b)
 
The Depository Center shall be responsible for the registration of all 
property rights in Securities traded on the Exchange. The final entries 
reported in the records of the Depository Center shall serve as conclusive 
evidence and proof of ownership of the Securities indicated therein and

=== المادة 20 ===
Page 23 of 60 
the encumbrances and rights associated therewith, taking into 
consideration the provisions of paragraph (d) of this Article. 
c)
 
Registration of ownership of Securities shall be effective from the time of 
final verification by the Depository Center of the authenticity of the 
ownership documents. The Depository Center shall promptly register all 
transactions effected upon being reported to and received by the 
Depository Center. If the Depository Center has reason to doubt actual or 
legal facts or consequences related to the registration of ownership, or if 
the Depository Center receives any notice that registration will harm the 
rights of third parties, the Depository Center may make a preliminary 
registration and, if it does so, shall immediately take appropriate 
measures to decide how the final registration for such Security shall be 
effected. 
d)
 
A person who believes that there is an error in the information entered 
into the registry so that the registry needs to be corrected or otherwise 
amended should make a written request to the manager of the 
Depository Center or the person appointed by the manager to receive 
such requests. The Depository Center shall correct or amend the registry 
after confirming the information that is requested to be corrected or 
amended in the registry. Such correction or amendment can only be 
effected after providing notice to the person or persons the registry 
identifies as owning the Security, and giving them a reasonable 
opportunity to comment on the required correction or amendment. 
e)
 
The Depository Center shall issue a certificate of registration upon request 
by the investor. The operating rules of the Depository Center will specify 
the manner in which periodic reports to all the owners of Securities 
registered on the Depository Center’s records on the Securities owned by 
each owner and which are recorded with the Depository Center’s records. 
f)
 
Claims against decisions with respect to the registration of Securities 
listed on the Exchange shall be brought before the Committee. 
g)
 
The Depository Center shall be liable for any monetary damage suffered 
by an investor resulting from the proven negligence or misconduct of the

=== المادة 21 ===
Page 24 of 60 
Depository Center’s employees that caused an error in the registration 
process. 
h)
 
The compensation due for the damage under paragraph (g) of this Article 
may be reduced, or even not granted, if the claimant has contributed to 
causing the error in registration or if the error could have been avoided. 
Article Twenty-Eight 
The employees, independent auditors, advisors, and consultants of the 
Exchange, the Depository Center, the Clearing Center may not disclose any 
information about owners of Securities, or the owners of the financial positions 
registered in the records, except in the cases that are provided for in the rules 
issued by the Exchange, the Depository Center, or the Clearing Center in this 
regard. 
Article Twenty-Nine 
The Depository Center and the Clearing Center may charge fees and 
commissions for their services as may be provided for in the Implementing 
Regulations and operating rules of the Depository Center and the Clearing 
Center.

=== المادة 22 ===
Chapter Four: 
 The Committee for the Resolution of 
Securities Disputes and the Appeal 
Committee for Securities Disputes

=== المادة 23 ===
Page 26 of 60 
 
Article Thirty 
a)
 
A committee to be known as the “the Committee for the Resolution of 
Securities Disputes” shall be established, and shall have jurisdiction over 
the disputes, in public and private actions, falling within the provisions of 
this Law, its Implementing Regulations, and the regulations, rules and 
instructions of the Authority, the Exchange, the Depository Center, and 
the Clearing Center. The Committee shall have all necessary powers to 
investigate and settle claims, including the power to issue subpoenas to 
witnesses, order the production of evidence and documents, issue 
decisions, and impose sanctions. 
b)
 
The Committee shall consist of one circuit or more, and each circuit shall 
consist of three regular members and one substitute member with legal 
qualification and expertise in commercial, financial, and Securities 
disputes. The head and members of each circuit shall be appointed by a 
Royal Order for a three-year renewable term. Upon the lapse of such term 
with no restructuring of the members or renewal of their term, they shall 
continue to perform their work until a Royal Order is issued in this respect. 
c)
 
The members of the Committee must not have a financial or commercial 
interest, whether directly or indirectly, with the parties of the claim 
considered before the Committee, and must have no familial relationship 
to the fourth degree with such parties. 
d)
 
The Committee shall commence consideration of the claim within a 
period not exceeding fourteen days from the date of filing the claim with 
the Committee. 
e)
 
The Committee’s jurisdiction shall include claims against decisions and 
actions taken by the Authority, the Exchange, the Depository Center or 
the Clearing Center, and the Committee shall have the right to issue a 
decision awarding damages and request to revert to the original status, or

=== المادة 24 ===
Page 27 of 60 
issue another decision that is appropriate and would guarantee the rights 
of the aggrieved. 
f)
 
The regulations and rules of the Authority shall specify the procedures 
that the Committee shall follow regarding the claims presented to it, and 
the rules for class-action claims in Securities disputes. 
g)
 
No statement of claim may be filed with the Committee without filing a 
complaint first with the Authority and a (90) day period has passed from 
its filing date, unless the Authority notifies the claimant that he may file 
the claim with the Committee before the end of this period. The Authority 
may define exceptions to the provisions of this paragraph as it deems 
appropriate to achieve market safety and investors protection. 
h)
 
The Committee’s decisions may be appealed before the Appeal 
Committee within thirty days from their notification date. 
i)
 
A Committee known as “the Appeal Committee for Securities Disputes” 
shall be established. It shall consist of one circuit or more, and each circuit 
shall consist of three regular members and one substitute member with 
legal qualification and expertise in commercial, financial, and Securities 
disputes. The head and members of each circuit shall be appointed by a 
Royal Order for a three-year renewable term. Upon the lapse of such term 
with no restructuring of the members or renewal of their term, they shall 
continue to perform their work until a Royal Order is issued in this respect. 
The members of the Appeal Committee must not have a financial or 
commercial interest, whether directly or indirectly, with the parties of the 
claim being considered before them, and must have no familial 
relationship to the fourth degree with such parties. The Appeal 
Committee shall have jurisdiction of considering objections on the 
decisions of the Committee for the Resolution of Securities Disputes 
based on the information provided for in the claim’s file. The decisions of 
the Appeal Committee shall be final. 
j)
 
At the request of the Authority, the Exchange, the Depository Center or 
the Clearing Center, final decisions shall be enforced through the 
government agency responsible for the enforcement of judicial

=== المادة 25 ===
Chapter 10 of this Law shall be enforced by such parties in 
accordance with the procedure for enforcement of judicial judgment in 
civil proceedings. 
k)
 
Evidence in Securities cases shall be admissible in all forms including 
electronic or computer data, telephone recordings, facsimile messages 
and electronic mail.

=== المادة 26 ===
Page 30 of 60 
Article Thirty-One 
With due consideration to the provisions of paragraph (c) of Article 32 of this 
Law, no person may carry out any of the activities provided for in Article 32 of 
this Law in the Kingdom, or claim to practice it, unless it has obtained a license 
from the Authority, even if the relevant security is listed or traded in a financial 
market regulated outside the Kingdom. 
Article Thirty-Two 
a)
 
Broker means a joint stock company that carries on brokerage activities 
and the broker agent who is working at the brokerage company and 
carries out all or part the following activities: 
1)
 
Acts in a commercial capacity as an intermediary in the trading of 
Securities, other than persons working on the basis of a contractual 
arrangement as defined in paragraph (b) of this Article, including any 
person who commercially acts as a custodian for Securities; 
2)
 
Presents in a commercial capacity an offer to others for obtaining 
financial assets in the form of Securities by opening an account 
through which transactions in Securities may be effected; 
3)
 
Effects in a commercial capacity Securities transactions for its own 
account other than by way of issuing Securities, in order to create a 
market in Securities and make a profit out of the difference between 
offer prices for Securities and demand; 
4)
 
Acquires or offers Securities in a commercial capacity for an Issuer or 
a person who controls such Issuer; 
5)
 
Acts as an intermediary in a commercial capacity - other than 
persons who act on the basis of a contractual arrangement as 
defined in paragraph (b) of this Article - including in arranging 
currency or Securities swaps. 
b)
 
 A portfolio manager means:

=== المادة 27 ===
Page 31 of 60 
1)
 
Any person acting in a commercial capacity who, on the basis of a 
contractual arrangement or otherwise, manages either Securities 
owned by a person or investment funds owned by a natural or 
judicial person that are intended for investment in Securities, and 
whose activities may include transactions in Securities or ordering 
Securities transactions to be effected for the account of the person 
with whom the contractual arrangements have been made; 
2)
 
Any person acting in a commercial capacity who, on the basis of a 
contractual arrangement, carries on the works mentioned in 
paragraph (a/5) of this Article. 
c)
 
The Authority may specify, in the rules that it issues, exemptions from the 
provisions of paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Article as it deems fit to 
achieve the safety of the market and the protection of the investor. 
Article Thirty-Three 
a)
 
The Authority shall grant the license referred to under Article 31 of this 
Law within thirty days of receiving the information and documents that 
are required by the rules issued by the Authority and which demonstrate 
that the applicant satisfies the conditions and requirements necessary for 
obtaining a license for working as a broker or a broker’s agent. The term of 
validity of the licenses must be defined and their holder must be subject 
to periodic qualification examination as set forth by the Implementing 
Regulations. 
b)
 
The Implementing Regulations shall set forth the requirements and 
conditions that must be met by applicants for obtaining a brokerage 
license. The conditions for licensing or renewal of a license must include 
the following: 
1)
 
Criteria pertaining to an applicant’s competence to act as a broker or 
a broker’s agent; 
2)
 
Criteria for the integrity and suitability of persons to conduct 
brokerage activities;

=== المادة 28 ===
Page 32 of 60 
3)
 
Minimum capital requirements that brokerage companies must 
continually meet, which must not be less than (SR 50 million). 
Article Thirty-Four 
Each member of the Exchange, the Depository Center and the Clearing Center 
must comply with the regulations and rules pertaining to the regulation of the 
activities of each of them. 
Article Thirty-Five 
The Exchange may carry out investigations and inspections in connection with 
any of its members to verify whether that member or another person has 
violated, is violating or there are indications that it is about to violate the 
regulations and instructions of the Exchange. Such powers shall include the 
power to require persons’ testimony, papers, books and documents which the 
Exchange deems necessary or relevant to its inquiry. The Exchange may require 
the attendance of witnesses or the submission of documents and evidence, and 
inspection may take place wherever the records are situated. The Exchange 
exercises its investigatory and inspection powers by submitting a request that 
includes its justification to obtain the Committee’s decision to that effect. The 
Committee shall accept the Exchange’s request by issuing the required decision 
unless it has established that the Exchange’s request is arbitrary or involves 
abuse of power. 
Article Thirty-Six 
Any broker or broker’s agent may relinquish its license by filing a written notice 
with the Authority in accordance with such terms and conditions as the 
Authority may deem necessary or appropriate for the safety of the market or the 
protection of the investor.

=== المادة 29 ===
Page 33 of 60 
Article Thirty-Seven 
Licensed brokers or broker’s agents must file with the Authority and the 
Exchange such reports as required by the regulations and rules of the Authority 
and the Exchange. 
Article Thirty-Eight 
The Authority shall supervise the compulsory and voluntary liquidation of the 
broker’s business.

=== المادة 30 ===
Page 35 of 60 
 
Article Thirty-Nine 
a)
 
An investment fund is a collective investment scheme aimed at providing 
investors therein with an opportunity to participate collectively in the 
profits of the scheme which is managed by an investment manager for 
specified fees. 
b)
 
The Authority shall assume the power to regulate the activities of 
investment funds managed by banks within two years from the 
enactment of this Law. 
c)
 
The Authority shall regulate portfolio managers and investment advisers 
and supervise them. This shall include setting the regulations, rules and 
instructions that pertain to the following: 
1)
 
The organizational structure; 
2)
 
Accounting systems and operational rules; 
3)
 
Investment fund governance and decision making; 
4)
 
Securities custody procedures and efficient provision of services to 
clients; 
5)
 
Services fees and commissions and management remuneration; 
6)
 
Entering into transactions with related parties; 
7)
 
Performance reports and the calculation of asset values and unit 
prices and advertisement; 
8)
 
Conditions and requirements for the approval of establishing new 
funds; 
9)
 
Financial and periodic reporting requirements of funds; 
10)
 
Liquidity requirements and risk limits; 
11)
 
Professional qualifications, personal suitability, financial 
responsibility and licensing requirements.

=== المادة 31 ===
Page 37 of 60 
Article Forty 
a)
 
The contents of the prospectus set forth under Article 42 of this Law, or 
portions thereof, shall be published in such a manner and for such 
duration as required by the regulations and rules of the Authority. 
b)
 
An Issuer or an Affiliate of an Issuer or an Underwriter may not Offer 
Securities of the Issuer or the Issuer’s Affiliate unless he has submitted a 
prospectus to the Authority, published the prospectus in the manner set 
forth in paragraph (a) of this Article, and has paid the requisite fees. The 
Authority may exempt the Issuer from some requirements based on the 
manner of the Offering, the amount of the Offering, the number of 
investors and their characteristics, or the characteristic of the Issuer of the 
Security or the Security itself. 
c)
 
Upon satisfying the requirements of paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Article, 
Offers may be made in any of the forms listed below: 
1)
 
Verbally; 
2)
 
Through a prospectus satisfying the conditions of Article 42 of this 
Law; 
3)
 
Through an announcement containing a summary of the prospectus 
and any other information required by the Authority or authorized 
by it in accordance with the rules specified by the Authority; 
4)
 
Through other means, including electronic media, provided that such 
mean has been approved by the Authority. 
Article Forty-One 
An Issuer, an Affiliate of the Issuer or an Underwriter may not sell any Security 
owned by that Issuer before the prospectus is approved by the Authority and 
becomes effective, provided that the approved prospectus shall be sent to the 
buyer prior to the sale date in accordance with such rules as the Authority may 
issue.

=== المادة 32 ===
Page 38 of 60 
Article Forty-Two 
The prospectus must contain the following information and statements: 
a)
 
Information required by the Authority’s rules that give an adequate 
description of the Issuer, the nature of its business, the individuals in 
charge of its management such as members of the board of directors, 
executive officers, senior staff and its major shareholders. 
b)
 
Information required by the Authority’s rules which give an adequate 
description of the Securities to be issued, their number, price, and related 
rights, preferences or privileges of the Issuer’s other Securities, if any. The 
description will set forth how the issue proceeds will be disbursed, and 
the commissions levied by persons connected with the issue. 
c)
 
A clear statement of the financial position of the issuer and any 
significant financial data including the audited financial balance sheet, 
profit and loss account and cash flow statement as the rules of the 
Authority may require. 
d)
 
Any other information required or authorized by the Authority in 
accordance with rules issued by the Authority which it deems necessary to 
assist investors and their advisers in making decisions about investing in 
the Securities to be issued. 
Article Forty-Three 
a)
 
After its review of the prospectus, the Authority shall announce its 
approval or rejection of the prospectus. If it approves the prospectus, the 
Authority may define a period of time during which the prospectus 
remains valid. 
b)
 
Every Issuer Offering Securities to the public through a prospectus must 
notify the Authority in writing of any change to the statements set forth 
in the prospectus that may affect the price or value of the Security, 
immediately upon becoming aware of such change. The Issuer should also 
prepare and publish a press release to disclose such change.

=== المادة 33 ===
Page 39 of 60 
 
The Authority’s regulations and rules shall set forth the information to be 
disclosed and the conditions applicable regarding the press release. 
Article Forty-Four 
The Board of the Authority may reject a prospectus in any of the following cases: 
a)
 
If the prospectus does not contain the information required by Article 42 
of this Law. 
b)
 
If the prospectus contains incorrect information pertaining to material 
matters, false or misleading statements or omits to state material 
information or statements that would under the circumstances render 
the prospectus misleading or incorrect. 
c)
 
If the prospectus fees have not been paid in full to the Authority. 
d)
 
If the Issuer has failed to provide any of the reports stipulated in Article 45 
of this Law. 
Article Forty-Five 
a)
 
Every Issuer Offering Securities to the public or whose Securities are 
traded on the Exchange must submit to the Authority quarterly and 
annual reports. Annual reports must be audited as required by the rules of 
the Authority. These reports shall contain the following: 
1)
 
The balance sheet; 
2)
 
The profit and loss account; 
3)
 
The cash flow statement; and 
4)
 
Any other information as required by the rules of the Authority. 
b)
 
In addition to the information required in paragraph (a) of this Article, the 
annual report must contain the following:

=== المادة 34 ===
Page 40 of 60 
1)
 
An adequate description of the issuing company, the nature of its 
business and its activities as required under the rules of the 
Authority; 
2)
 
Information regarding the members of its board of directors, 
executive officers, senior staff and major investors or shareholders as 
required under the rules of the Authority; 
3)
 
An evaluation by the issuing company’s management of current and 
future developments and any future possibilities that may have 
significant effect on the business results or financial position of the 
company as required under the rules of the Authority. 
4)
 
Any other information as may be required by the rules of the 
Authority as it deems necessary to assist investors and their advisers 
in making a decision to invest in the Issuer’s Securities. 
c)
 
All information and data described in paragraphs (a/l, 2, 3) and (b/3) of 
this Article shall be deemed confidential. Before providing such 
information and data to the Authority and announcing them, the issuing 
company shall be prohibited from disclosing such information to parties 
not bound by a confidentiality obligation and an obligation to protect 
such information. 
Article Forty-Six 
a)
 
A party who issues Securities must inform the Authority in writing upon 
becoming aware of any material developments that may affect the prices 
of the Securities issued by such party. If such party has a Security traded 
on the Exchange, the Exchange must be informed of such developments 
in writing. 
b)
 
The Authority or the Exchange may request the party issuing Securities to 
provide any information or data pertaining to such party and the issuing 
party shall provide the same within the period of time specified in the 
request.

=== المادة 35 ===
Page 41 of 60 
c)
 
The Board of the Authority or the Exchange may, after reviewing the facts, 
require the issuing party to announce any information or data related to 
that party. The Board or the Exchange shall also have the right to publish 
such information and data at the expense of the issuing party. 
Article Forty-Seven 
The public shall be allowed, in return for fees to be determined by the Authority, 
to review and obtain copies of the prospectuses, periodical reports, and 
information and data that have been filed with the Authority and were made 
public. 
Article Forty-Eight 
a)
 
The Authority shall specify the disclosure forms and instructions, 
including the information which must be included in the prospectuses 
and periodical reports that must be provided to the Authority by the 
parties that are subject to its control and supervision or which must be 
announced to the public, as the case may be. 
b)
 
The Authority shall have no responsibility for the omission in 
prospectuses, periodical reports, advertisements, or any other document 
filed with it by any party of any important information or data or for 
including misleading information or data. 
c)
 
The publisher of the advertisement shall be responsible for any errors 
committed by it in publishing the contents of the advertisement pursuant 
to the regulations applicable in the Kingdom.

=== المادة 36 ===
Page 43 of 60 
 
Article Forty-Nine 
a)
 
Any person shall be considered in violation of this Law if he intentionally 
does any act or engages in any action which creates a false or misleading 
impression as to the market, the prices or the value of any Security for the 
purpose of creating that impression or thereby inducing third parties to 
buy, sell or subscribe for such Security or to refrain from doing so or to 
induce them to exercise, or refrain from exercising, any rights conferred 
by such Security. 
 
b)
 
The Authority shall set out rules determining the acts and practices which 
shall constitute violations of paragraph (a) of this Article. These rules shall 
specify the acts and practices excluded from the application of the 
provisions of paragraph (a) of this Article. The powers of the Authority 
provided for in this paragraph shall include the power to set forth the 
rules, define the circumstances and procedures aiming at stabilizing the 
prices of Securities offered to the public, and the manner in which and the 
period during which these actions must be taken. 
c)
 
The following acts and practices shall be among those which shall be 
considered types of manipulation that are prohibited by paragraph (a) of 
this Article: 
1)
 
To perform any act or practice aiming at creating a false or 
misleading impression of an existing active trading in a Security as 
may be contrary to the reality. These acts and practices shall include, 
but not be limited to the following: 
(a)
 
Undertaking transactions in Securities which do not involve a 
true transfer of ownership thereof. 
(b)
 
Entering an order or orders for the purchase of a particular 
Security with prior knowledge that an order or orders of 
substantially the same size, price and timing for the sale of the

=== المادة 37 ===
Page 44 of 60 
same Security has been or will be entered by a different party or 
parties. 
(c)
 
Entering an order or orders for the sale of a particular Security 
with prior knowledge that an order or orders of substantially the 
same size, price and timing for the purchase of the same Security 
has been or will be entered by the same party or different 
parties. 
2)
 
To affect, alone or with others, the price of a particular Security or 
Securities traded on the Exchange through executing a series of 
transactions in such Security or Securities creating actual or apparent 
active trading or causing an increase or decrease in the prices of such 
Securities, for the purpose of inducing third parties to buy or sell such 
Securities as the case may be. 
3)
 
To affect, alone or with others through any series of transactions 
such as buying or selling or buying and selling a Security traded on 
the Exchange for the purpose of pegging or stabilizing the price of 
such Security in violation of the rules set forth by the Authority for 
the safety of the market and the protection of investors. 
Article Fifty 
a)
 
Any person who obtains, through family, business or contractual 
relationship, inside information (hereinafter an “insider”) is prohibited 
from directly or indirectly trading in the Security related to such 
information, or to disclose such information to another person with the 
expectation that such person will trade in such Security. 
Insider information means information obtained by the insider and which 
is not available to the general public, has not been disclosed, and such 
information is of the type that a normal person would realize that in view 
of the nature and content of this information, its release and availability 
would have a material effect on the price or value of a Security related to 
such information, and the insider knows that such information is not

=== المادة 38 ===
Page 45 of 60 
generally available and that, if it were available, it would have a material 
effect on the price or value of such Security. 
b)
 
No person may purchase or sell a Security based on information obtained 
from an insider while knowing that such person, by disclosing such insider 
information related to the Security, has violated paragraph (a) of this 
Article. 
c)
 
The Authority has the power to establish the rules for specifying and 
defining the terms provided for under paragraphs (a) and (b) of this 
Article, and such acts or practices which the Authority deems appropriate 
to exempt them from their application, as may be required for the safety 
of the market and the protection of investors.

=== المادة 39 ===
Page 47 of 60 
Article Fifty-One 
The Authority shall issue rules for the regulation of disclosure of information 
and other practices in connection with the solicitation of proxies if such 
solicitation pertains to any Security listed on the Exchange. 
Article Fifty-Two 
The Authority shall issue rules for the regulation of restricted purchase of shares 
transactions and restricted offer for shares transactions. For the purpose of 
application of the provisions of this Law, these two terms mean the following: 
 
a)
 
A restricted purchase of shares is the purchase of voting shares listed on 
the Exchange when as a consequence of such purchase ten percent (10%) 
or more of such class of the relevant company shares is owned by, or 
under control of, the purchaser or those acting in concert with the 
purchaser. 
b)
 
A restricted offer for shares is making a public announcement by which 
the announcer offers to purchase voting shares of a particular class of 
shares listed on the Exchange if the amount of shares sought to be 
acquired by the offering party would increase its ownership or the 
ownership of those acting in concert with the offering party, or the shares 
under their control, to ten percent (10%) or more of the shares of the 
relevant company. 
Article Fifty-Three 
The Authority’s powers to issue rules for the regulation of restricted purchases 
of shares and restricted offers for shares shall include, without limitation, the 
power to issue rules in connection with the following: 
a)
 
Amending the percentages prescribed under Article 52 of this Law and 
approving exceptions to the definitions of restricted purchases of shares 
and restricted offers for shares;

=== المادة 40 ===
Page 48 of 60 
b)
 
Specifying the timing, form and manner for announcements in 
connection with restricted purchases of shares and restricted offers for 
shares; 
c)
 
Setting forth the information which party purchasing the shares or 
offering party must disclose, and the manner for its disclosure, including 
any requirements for the continuous disclosure with respect to changes in 
share ownership; 
d)
 
Imposing any conditions or requirements on the company the shares of 
which are subject or target of a restricted purchase of shares or a 
restricted offer for shares that it announces its position or viewpoint 
regarding such restricted purchase or restricted offer; 
e)
 
Any other rules pertaining to restricted purchases of shares or restricted 
offers for shares as may be necessary for the safety of the market and the 
protection of investors. 
Article Fifty-Four 
If any person increases its ownership of shares in a given company through a 
restricted purchase of shares or restricted offer for shares so that such person or 
those with whom such person is acting in concert become the owner of (50%) 
fifty percent or more of a given class of voting shares listed on the Exchange, the 
Board shall have the right, within sixty (60) days, if it believes it would achieve 
the safety of the market and the protection of shareholders, to order such 
person to offer to purchase the shares of the same class it does not own on such 
terms and conditions as the Board shall determine. In no case will the 
prospective purchaser be compelled to offer to purchase the remaining shares at 
a price exceeding the highest price he paid to purchase any of the shares of that 
company during the (12) months preceding the date of the Board order.

=== المادة 41 ===
Page 50 of 60 
Article Fifty-Five 
a)
 
In case a prospectus, when approved by the Authority, contained incorrect 
statements of material matters or omitted material facts required to be 
stated in the prospectus, the person purchasing the Security that was the 
subject of such prospectus shall be entitled to compensation for the 
damages incurred by him as a result thereof. A statement or omission 
shall be considered material for the purposes of this paragraph if it is 
proven to the Committee that had the investor been aware of the truth 
when making such purchase it would have affected the purchase price. 
b)
 
The following persons shall be liable under paragraph (a) of this Article: 
1)
 
The party issuing the Security. The Issuer shall be liable irrespective 
of whether it had acted reasonably, or it was not aware of the 
incorrect statements in connection with material matters, or of the 
omission of material facts that should have been disclosed in the 
prospectus. 
2)
 
The senior officers of the issuing party of the Security in accordance 
with the definition provided in the rules issued by the Authority. 
Such liability could be relieved according to paragraph (c/1, 2) of this 
Article. 
3)
 
The members of the board of directors of the issuing party, or 
persons performing similar functions, as of the date on which the 
prospectus was approved by the Authority. Such liability could be 
relieved in accordance with paragraph (c/1, 2) of this Article. 
4)
 
The Underwriters who have undertaken to Offer on behalf of the 
Issuer the Security for sale to the public, provided that an 
underwriter shall not be liable for more than the total price of the 
Securities underwritten or amount of Securities distributed by him, 
whichever amount is greater. 
5)
 
The accountant, engineer or appraiser and others identified in the 
prospectus, who have consented in writing to be so identified, as

=== المادة 42 ===
Page 51 of 60 
having certified the accuracy and truthfulness of the information 
stated in the prospectus; however, such person’s liability shall not 
extend to information in parts of the prospectus which are not so 
certified by him. That person shall be liable for any part of the 
prospectus understood to have been prepared according to his 
statement and approval in his capacity defined under this paragraph, 
unless he proves that he was convinced after conducting reasonable 
examination and on the basis of reasonable grounds, that that part 
of the prospectus is not in violation of paragraph (a) of this Article. 
c)
 
Any of the persons mentioned in paragraph (b/2, 3, 4) of this Article shall 
be liable as provided for in the provisions of paragraph (a) of this Article 
unless it is proven that: 
1)
 
As to any part of the prospectus not certified by the person described 
in paragraph (b/5) of this Article that, after reasonable examination, 
and on the basis of reasonable grounds, he was convinced that such 
part of the prospectus was not in violation of paragraph (a) of this 
Article; 
2)
 
As to any part of the prospectus purporting to have been made based 
on the statement of a person set forth in paragraph (b/5) of this 
Article, and the person invoking the defense is identified in 
paragraphs (b/2, 3, 4) of this Article, he had no reasonable ground at 
that time to believe that such part of the prospectus contained what 
could be deemed a violation of paragraph (a) of this Article. 
d)
 
In determining whether the examination is deemed reasonable or what 
shall constitute reasonable ground for belief for the purposes of 
paragraph (c) of this Article, the standard of reasonableness for the 
purpose of this Article shall be that of the prudent person in the 
management of his property. 
e)
 
With consideration to the provisions of paragraph (d) of Article 59 of this 
Law, damages may be obtained through a claim brought based on 
paragraph (a) of this Article, and such damages shall represent the

=== المادة 43 ===
Page 52 of 60 
difference between the price actually paid for purchasing the Security (not 
to exceed the price at which it was offered to the public) and the value 
thereof as of the date of bringing the claim or the price which such 
Security could have been disposed of on the Exchange prior to filing the 
claim with the Committee, provided that if the defendant proves that any 
portion in the decline in value of the Security is due to causes which are 
not related to the omission or the incorrect statement that is the subject 
of the claim, such portion shall be excluded from the damages for which 
the defendant is responsible. The defendants are individually and jointly 
liable for damages for which they are responsible under this Article. The 
compensation amount shall be subject to the provisions of the contract or 
agreement entered into between the parties identified in paragraph (b) of 
this Article or as the Committee deems equitable and does not harm the 
interests of investors or otherwise contradicts the objectives of this Law. 
Article Fifty-Six 
a)
 
Any person who makes, or is responsible for other person making, orally 
or in writing an untrue statement of material fact or omits to state such 
material fact, if it causes other person to be misled in relation to the sale 
or the purchase of a Security, shall be liable for compensation of the 
damages. For establishing responsibility for damages in pursuance of the 
provisions of this Article, it is not required that a relationship exists 
between the claimant and the defendant, and the claimant must prove: 
1)
 
That he was not aware that the statement was omitted or untrue. 
2)
 
That he would not have purchased or sold the Security in question 
had he known that information was omitted or untrue, or that he 
would not have purchased or sold such Security at the price at which 
such Security was purchased or sold. 
3)
 
That the person responsible for the disclosure of the statements or 
the giving of such incorrect information knew of the said

=== المادة 44 ===
Page 53 of 60 
untruthfulness or was aware that there was a substantial likelihood 
that the information disclosed omitted or misstated a material fact. 
b)
 
The damages recoverable under this Article from any defendant, and the 
rights of compensation and its distribution among the persons 
responsible shall be as provided in paragraph (e) of Article 55 of this Law. 
c)
 
For the purpose of this Article, a statement or omission shall be 
considered related to an important material fact in accordance with the 
standard provided for in paragraph (a) of Article 55 of this Law. 
Article Fifty-Seven 
a)
 
Any person who violates Article 49 of this Law or any of the regulations or 
the rules issued by the Authority pursuant to the said Article by engaging 
in an act or transaction for the purpose of intentionally manipulating the 
price of a Security, or participating in such act or transaction, or is 
responsible for a person who undertakes such act or transaction shall be 
liable for damages to any person who purchases or sells the Security 
whose price has been significantly adversely affected by such 
manipulation for the amount such person’s purchase or sale price was so 
affected. 
b)
 
The damages recoverable under this Article from any defendant, and the 
rights of compensation and its distribution among the persons 
responsible shall be determined in a manner that is consistent with the 
provisions of paragraph (e) of Article 55 of this Law. 
c)
 
In addition to the penalties and financial compensation provided for 
under this Law, the Committee may, based on a claim filed by the 
Authority, punish the persons who violate Articles 49 and 50 with 
imprisonment terms not exceeding five years. 
Article Fifty-Eight 
A private action claim under Articles 55, 56 and 57 of this Law shall not be heard 
if the complaint is filed with the Authority after the elapse of one year from the

=== المادة 45 ===
Page 54 of 60 
date upon which the claimant should have been aware of the facts causing him 
to believe he had been the victim of a violation, and in no case may such claim 
be heard by the Committee after five years from the occurrence of the violation 
subject of the claim, unless the defendant acknowledges the liability, or the 
plaintiff provides a justification accepted by the Committee. 
Article Fifty-Nine 
a)
 
If it appears to the Authority that any person has committed, engaged in, 
or attempted to commit or engage in acts or practices constituting a 
violation of any provisions of this Law, the regulations or rules issued by 
the Authority, or the regulations of the Exchange, the Depository Center 
or the Clearing Center, the Authority shall have the right to bring a legal 
action before the Committee to seek an order for the appropriate 
sanction. The sanctions include the following: 
1)
 
Warning the person concerned. 
2)
 
Obliging the person concerned to cease or refrain from carrying out 
the act which is the subject of the claim. 
3)
 
Obliging the person concerned to take the necessary steps to avert 
the violation, or to take such necessary corrective steps to address 
the results of the violation. 
4)
 
Obliging the violator to pay an amount not exceeding threefold of its 
achieved gains or threefold of its avoided losses as a result of the 
violation to the Authority’s account, or to compensate the persons 
who have suffered damages as a result of the committed violation. 
5)
 
Suspending the trading in the Security. 
6)
 
Barring the violator from acting as a broker, portfolio manager or 
investment adviser for such period of time as is necessary for the 
safety of the market and the protection of investors. 
7)
 
Seizing and executing on property. 
8)
 
Travel ban.

=== المادة 46 ===
Page 55 of 60 
9)
 
Barring from working in the entities subject to the Authority’s 
supervision. 
b)
 
The Authority may, in addition to taking the actions provided for under 
paragraph (a) of this Article, request the Committee to impose a financial 
fine upon the persons responsible for an intentional violation of the 
provisions of this Law, its Implementing Regulations, the rules of the 
Authority and the regulations of the Exchange, the Depository Center, and 
the Clearing Center. The fine imposed by the Committee shall not exceed 
twenty-five million Saudi Riyals (SR 25,000,000) for each violation 
committed by the defendant. 
c)
 
The Authority may, instead of the actions set forth in paragraphs (a) and 
(b) of this Article, take all or any of the following actions: 
1)
 
Warning the person concerned. 
2)
 
Obliging the person concerned to take the necessary steps to avert 
the violation, or to take the necessary corrective steps to address the 
results of the violation. 
3)
 
Impose a fine by the Board on any person responsible for a violation 
of this Law and its Implementing Regulations, and the rules and 
regulations of the Exchange, the Depository Center, and the Clearing 
Center. The fine imposed shall not exceed five million Saudi Riyals 
(SR 5,000,000) for each violation committed by the violator. 
d)
 
With consideration to the provisions of sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph (a) 
of this Article, the Authority may regulate the procedures for 
compensating persons who have incurred damages as a result of the 
committed violations. In order to achieve that, the Authority may 
establish compensation funds the resources of which come from the 
illegal gains collected in the Authority’s account. The compensation of the 
persons who have incurred damages shall be in accordance with a 
distribution plan approved by a decision of the Committee. These funds 
shall be subject to the rules and procedures set by the Authority to

=== المادة 47 ===
Page 56 of 60 
enhance the operation of such funds and reduce the legal and financial 
risks associated with them. 
Article Sixty 
a)
 
Any person who carries on, or purports to carry on, the activities provided 
in Article 32 of this Law without a license, shall be considered in violation 
of the provisions of Article 31 of this Law and the Committee may 
sentence the violator, in addition to the sanctions set out in Article 59 of 
this law, to imprisonment for a term not to exceed nine (9) months. 
b)
 
Any agreement or contract that is entered into in relation to a Security 
related transaction that is in violation of Article 31 of this Law shall be 
void, and the violator may not complain on the basis of such agreement or 
contract against the other party, and the other party shall be entitled to 
request the rescission of the agreement or contract and the recovery of 
any money or other property paid or transferred by him under the 
agreement or contract, provided that he returns any money or other 
property received by him through such agreement or contract. The 
Committee shall have jurisdiction over claims brought pursuant to this 
Article. 
Article Sixty-One 
a)
 
The violation of a member of the Exchange, the Depository Center or the 
Clearing Center of the regulations and rules pertaining to the regulation 
of its activities shall give rise to disciplinary proceedings pursuant to the 
procedures established in such regulations. The Exchange, the Depository 
Center, and the Clearing Center may, when a violation of its regulations is 
discovered, file a claim with the Committee to impose a suitable sanction 
against the violator; such sanctions include the following: 
1)
 
Revocation or suspension of the license granted to it. 
2)
 
Imposing a fine of not more than the fine stipulated in paragraph (b) 
of Article 59 of this Law.

=== المادة 48 ===
Page 57 of 60 
3)
 
Obliging it to return the amounts owed to clients as a result of the 
violation. 
The member of the Exchange, the Depository Center or the Clearing 
Center who has been subject to sanctions may request the Appeal 
Committee to review the decision against him 
b)
 
The Authority may, pursuant to its powers under Article 59 of

=== المادة 49 ===
Chapter 10 
of this Law, take necessary actions against members of the Exchange, the 
Depository Center or the Clearing Center who violated rules related to 
their activities. 
Article Sixty-Two 
a)
 
The Board may issue a decision providing for a reprimand to any person 
granted a license under the provisions of this Law and its Implementing 
Regulations, or may, pursuant to the decision, place restrictions on the 
licensed activities, functions or operations of such person, or suspend 
those activities for a period not exceeding twelve months, or revoke the 
license if the Board finds, after notifying the concerned person and giving 
it an opportunity for a hearing, that such person, whether prior or 
subsequent to obtaining a license has committed any of the following 
violations: 
1)
 
It deliberately gave or caused to be given materially false or 
misleading statements in the application to obtain a license or in any 
document or report submitted to the Exchange or to the Authority. 
2)
 
It deliberately violated, or assisted another person to violate the 
provisions of this Law and its Implementing Regulations or the 
regulations or the rules of the Exchange, the Depository Center or 
the Clearing Center. 
3)
 
The person violated a judgment or decision issued by any court of the 
Kingdom or by the Committee prohibiting it permanently or 
temporarily from carrying on its activities.

=== المادة 50 ===
Page 58 of 60 
4)
 
The Authority has formally been notified by a Securities regulator in 
another country that the person had willfully violated the Securities 
laws of that country or provided false and misleading information in 
the reports required to be submitted in such foreign jurisdiction. 
b)
 
The Board may issue a decision suspending the license of any person who 
was granted a license under the provisions of this Law and its 
Implementing Regulations, pending the issuance of a final decision in 
relation to the revocation of the license, if such suspension appears to the 
Board, after notifying the concerned person and giving it an opportunity 
to be heard on an urgent basis, to be necessary for the safety of the 
market and the protection of investors. 
c)
 
The Board may, in urgent cases, and without prior notice or hearing being 
granted to the concerned person to the decision, issue a decision 
suspending its license or barring it from performing its activities for a 
period not to exceed (60) days. Issuing such a decision does not prevent 
the Authority, the Exchange, the Depository Center or the Clearing Center 
from taking other actions against it in accordance with the provisions of 
this Law. 
Article Sixty-Three 
The license of any person granted a license under the provisions of this Law and 
its Implementing Regulations may be suspended by order of the Board upon 
discovering that such person ceases to exist or has, for a period of twelve 
months, ceased to carry out its licensed activities. 
Article Sixty-Four 
a)
 
In agreement between the Authority and the person accused of violating 
any provisions of this Law and its Implementing Regulations, a settlement 
of such violations may be reached in accordance with the rules and 
procedures set out by the Authority. Provided that the amount paid to the 
Authority does not exceed threefold of the maximum amount of the fine 
stipulated in sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph (c) of Article 59 of this Law,

=== المادة 51 ===
Page 59 of 60 
and that payment is made of an amount not exceeding threefold of the 
profits gained or threefold of the losses avoided as a result of committing 
the violation. 
b)
 
The settlement agreement referred to in paragraph (a) of this Article shall 
not prejudice any compensation resulting from the accused committed 
violation. 
Article Sixty-Five 
This Law shall repeal all provisions that are contrary hereto. 
Article Sixty-Six 
The Implementing Regulations for this Law shall be issued within (150) days 
from the date of publication of the Law, and shall come into effect with the 
effective date of the Law. 
Article Sixty-Seven 
This Law shall be published in the Official Gazette and shall be effective (180) 
days after the date of the publication thereof.